so let us write a function Reverse sub list bypassing the head of
the list the start and end of sub list
And it will reverse the sub list and returned the
head of the list Now when start is equal to
end
We can return the head nodes straight away
So write if start is equal to end return head
now we need to move a pointer till start index
and also we need to track the last node of
part one so let us declare a pointer current and move it
till the start index while moving current pointer
We will keep the last node in the previous pointer
declare current and initialised to head and set the
previous pointer as null and write a for loop
to move the current node till the start index So
write for I equal to one current not equal
to null and I less than start
I plus plus inside that keep the current variable in
previous and then moved the current variable to next node
So write prev equal to current and current equal to
current
Next after the execution of Loop current pointer will be
present at the Start index and previous pointer will be
present in the last node of part one
So back up the previous pointer in another variable first
part
Last node
So write Struct node Star First part Last node equal
to prev
And after the reversal the node 20 will become last
of Part two
We need that node to make Connexion with third part
So back up the current node
20 in another variable second part
Last node
So write start second part last node equal to current
Now we have backed up all the required nodes
Now we can reverse the sub list
That is second part till end index
For that we can use linked lis reversal logic
This is the logic for linked list reversal here wanting
to notice the for Loop termination condition here
End index is five and START index is two so we need
to Reverse five minus two plus one that is four
nodes
The nodes are node 20 30 40 and 50
In general
For given start and end index the total number of nodes
to be reversed
is end minus start plus one
That's why we have used this as the for loop termination
condition so write the for loop for I equal to one
current not equal to null and I less than or equal
to  n minus start plus one I plus plus and
in each iteration though next equal to current next current
next equal to prev prev equal to current and current
equal to next
Now after the reversal the previous pointer will be present
in node
50 and current pointer will be present in node
Now we need to make the required connexions
We need to connect the last node of first part
with the starting point of part two which is not
So check if first part last node is not null
if it is not null write first part last node
next equal to prev
If it is null we need to make node 50
as head so write head equal to prev
And then we need to connect the last node of
the reverse list with third part starting node 60
So write second part last node next equal to current
That's it we have reversed the sub list and finally we return the sublist.